Update README (#55)
mrc-ide/odin2: vignettes/migrating.Rmd

## Much slower compilation time

Because we now compile to C++ via `dust2`, the compilation times have massively increased.  Previously, compilation of a simple model took less than a second, but now this will take 6 seconds or so.  You can alleviate this to a degree during development by specifying `debug = TRUE` when compiling, which reduces this down to about 3 seconds.  These times are from my workstation but I expect the relative differences to hold (we're probably 10x slower than previously but can be "only" 5x slower if you turn off optimisation).  If you were previously using `odin.dust` you should notice little change here.

# Updating old code

If you compile odin code that contains any of the changes above, it will try and update the code to the new version and keep going:

```{r}
gen <- odin2::odin({
  initial(x) <- 1
  deriv(x) <- x + a / t
  a <- user(2)
}, quiet = TRUE, debug = TRUE)
```

> This model contains two issues that can be easily rewritten; the solution to this rewriting is printed to screen and the compilation would as if you had rewritten them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This model contains two issues that can be easily rewritten; the solution to this rewriting is printed to screen and the model is compiled as if you had rewritten them.
```
